I'm Joe Davidson Sacramento Bee sports
department the first thing you want to
know about napa high school is number 12
and that's John Boyett he's the best
player in Sacramento and beyond the best
player in the sac-joaquin section he's
our be Player of the Year heads are also
beaten for 2007 he's a do all talent for
the Indians he plays every single down
of every single series in every game the
man does not take a breather but will
collect his shoe and get a drink of
water on occasion he's a quarterback
very poised and fundamentally sound he
could scramble he could run it could
take snaps out of shotgun formation and
head upfield for first downs he's on
special teams he's a holder for extra
points and field goals he's the punter
he's also one of the leading tacklers
and one of the leading interceptors on
the map of Indian stinger mostly he's a
leader very well respected and revered
by his teammates his coaches in his town
on the field John Boyett has the full
trust of his coaching staff they let him
make critical calls and critical down
which is unheard of in high school
football anymore against oak grove and
the city championship it was Boyett who
made the final call the touchdown throw
to Andrew Piper in the corner of the end
zone a diving effort that allowed the
Indians to reach the section
championship game
I called the flight I told him all week
it was going to be open then let me call
it hit the corner up I played out line
games a lot of rejection pie plate I'm a
good catch
John Boyett is quarterback cool but he's
everybody's buddy all of his teammates
like the teasing about a celebrity they
rib him and he rolls right with it
yeah it's also appreciated by his
teammates his peers and his coaches for
his honor student abilities he's going
to the University of Oregon his
information goes well beyond team pride
however he is motivated by his sister
Danielle she is wheelchair bound but she
is ever so loyal to the point that she
goes to all of his games regardless of
the weather she's here at the city
championship in John's greatest moment
John Boyett a Sacramento B's player of
the year heading our all-metro team for
2007 I'm John we're number 12th playing
not high school I play quarterback and
safety this year not you do I'm just
very excited to be a part of this team a
lot of great players and great coaches
are part of this team song we're excited
to be within a big family like we have